README.en.md, before:

# ChatGPT Web

[中文](./README.md) | [English](./README.en.md)


## Introduction

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **This project is forked from [Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web)**
> 
> As the original project author does not agree to introduce a dependency on the database, this Hard Fork was created for independent development [discussion for details](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web/pull/589#issuecomment-1469207694)
> 
> Thank you again, the great [Chanzhaoyu](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu), for your contributions to the open-source project 🙏

Some unique features have been added:

[✓] Register & Login & Reset Password & 2FA

[✓] Sync chat history 

[✓] Front-end page setting apikey

[✓] Custom Sensitive Words

[✓] Set unique prompts for each chat room

[✓] Users manager

[✓] Random Key

[✓] Conversation round limit & setting different limits by user & giftcards

[✓] Implement SSO login through the auth proxy feature (need to integrate a third-party authentication reverse proxy, it can support login protocols such as LDAP/OIDC/SAML)

> [!CAUTION]
> This project is only published on GitHub, based on the MIT license, free and for open source learning usage. And there will be no any form of account selling, paid service, discussion group, discussion group and other behaviors. Beware of being deceived.

## Screenshots
> Disclaimer: This project is only released on GitHub, under the MIT License, free and for open-source learning purposes. There will be no account selling, paid services, discussion groups, or forums. Beware of fraud.

![cover3](./docs/login.jpg)
![cover](./docs/c1.png)
![cover2](./docs/c2.png)
![cover3](./docs/basesettings.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/prompt_en.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/user-manager.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/key-manager-en.jpg)
![userlimit](./docs/add_redeem_and_limit.png)
![setmanuallimit](./docs/manual_set_limit.png)
![giftcarddb](./docs/giftcard_db_design.png)

- [ChatGPT Web](#chatgpt-web)
	- [Introduction](#introduction)
	- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
	- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
		- [Node](#node)
		- [PNPM](#pnpm)
		- [Fill in the Keys](#fill-in-the-keys)
	- [Install Dependencies](#install-dependencies)
		- [Backend](#backend)
		- [Frontend](#frontend)
	- [Run in Test Environment](#run-in-test-environment)
		- [Backend Service](#backend-service)
		- [Frontend Webpage](#frontend-webpage)
	- [Packaging](#packaging)
		- [Using Docker](#using-docker)
			- [Docker Parameter Example](#docker-parameter-example)
			- [Docker Build \& Run](#docker-build--run)
			- [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
		- [Deployment with Railway](#deployment-with-railway)
			- [Railway Environment Variables](#railway-environment-variables)
		- [Manual packaging](#manual-packaging)
			- [Backend service](#backend-service-1)
			- [Frontend webpage](#frontend-webpage-1)
	- [Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [Sponsorship](#sponsorship)
	- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Supports dual models, provides two unofficial `ChatGPT API` methods:

| Method                                        | Free?  | Reliability | Quality |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| `ChatGPTAPI(gpt-3.5-turbo-0301)`                           | No     | Reliable    | Relatively clumsy |
| `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI(Web accessToken)` | Yes    | Relatively unreliable | Smart |

Comparison:
1. `ChatGPTAPI` uses `gpt-3.5-turbo-0301` to simulate `ChatGPT` through the official `OpenAI` completion `API` (the most reliable method, but it is not free and does not use models specifically tuned for chat).
2. `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI` accesses `ChatGPT`'s backend `API` via an unofficial proxy server to bypass `Cloudflare` (uses the real `ChatGPT`, is very lightweight, but depends on third-party servers and has rate limits).

[Details](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web/issues/138)

Switching Methods:
1. Go to the `service/.env.example` file and copy the contents to the `service/.env` file.
2. For `OpenAI API Key`, fill in the `OPENAI_API_KEY` field [(Get apiKey)](https://platform.openai.com/overview).
3. For `Web API`, fill in the `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` field [(Get accessToken)](https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session).
4. When both are present, `OpenAI API Key` takes precedence.

Reverse Proxy:

Available when using `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI`.[Details](https://github.com/transitive-bullshit/chatgpt-api#reverse-proxy)

```shell
# service/.env
API_REVERSE_PROXY=
```

Environment Variables:

For all parameter variables, check [here](#docker-parameter-example) or see:

```
/service/.env
```

## Roadmap
[✓] Dual models

[✓] Multiple session storage and context logic

[✓] Formatting and beautifying code-like message types

[✓] Login or Register

[✓] Set API key and other information on the front-end page.

[✓] Data import and export

[✓] Save message to local image

[✓] Multilingual interface

[✓] Interface themes

[✗] More...

## Prerequisites

### Node

`node` requires version `^16 || ^18` (`node >= 14` requires installation of [fetch polyfill](https://github.com/developit/unfetch#usage-as-a-polyfill)), and multiple local `node` versions can be managed using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

```shell
node -v
```

### PNPM
If you have not installed `pnpm` before:
```shell
npm install pnpm -g
```

### Fill in the Keys

Get `Openai Api Key` or `accessToken` and fill in the local environment variables [jump](#introduction)

```
# service/.env file

# OpenAI API Key - https://platform.openai.com/overview
OPENAI_API_KEY=

# change this to an `accessToken` extracted from the ChatGPT site's `https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session` response
OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN=
```

## Install Dependencies

> To make it easier for `backend developers` to understand, we did not use the front-end `workspace` mode, but stored it in different folders. If you only need to do secondary development of the front-end page, delete the `service` folder.

### Backend

Enter the `/service` folder and run the following command

```shell
pnpm install
```

### Frontend
Run the following command in the root directory
```shell
pnpm bootstrap
```

## Run in Test Environment
### Backend Service

Enter the `/service` folder and run the following command

```shell
pnpm start
```

### Frontend Webpage
Run the following command in the root directory
```shell
pnpm dev
```

## Packaging

### Using Docker

#### Docker Parameter Example

- `OPENAI_API_KEY` one of two
- `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` one of two, `OPENAI_API_KEY` takes precedence when both are present
- `OPENAI_API_BASE_URL` optional, available when `OPENAI_API_KEY` is set
- `OPENAI_API_MODEL`  `ChatGPTAPI` OR `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI`
- `API_REVERSE_PROXY` optional, available when `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` is set [Reference](#introduction)
- `AUTH_SECRET_KEY` Access Password，optional
- `TIMEOUT_MS` timeout, in milliseconds, optional
- `SOCKS_PROXY_HOST` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `SOCKS_PROXY_PORT` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST
- `SOCKS_PROXY_USERNAME` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST and SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `SOCKS_PROXY_PASSWORD` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST and SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `HTTPS_PROXY` optional, support http，https, socks5

![docker](./docs/docker.png)

#### Docker Build & Run

```bash
GIT_COMMIT_HASH=`git rev-parse HEAD`
RELEASE_VERSION=`git branch --show-current`
docker build --build-arg GIT_COMMIT_HASH=${GIT_COMMIT_HASH} --build-arg RELEASE_VERSION=${RELEASE_VERSION} -t chatgpt-web .

# foreground operation
# If run mongodb in host machine, please use MONGODB_URL=mongodb://host.docker.internal:27017/chatgpt
docker run --name chatgpt-web --rm -it -p 127.0.0.1:3002:3002 --env OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key --env MONGODB_URL=your_mongodb_url chatgpt-web

# background operation
docker run --name chatgpt-web -d -p 127.0.0.1:3002:3002 --env OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key --env MONGODB_URL=your_mongodb_url chatgpt-web

# running address
http://localhost:3002/
```

#### Docker Compose

[Hub Address](https://hub.docker.com/r/chatgptweb/chatgpt-web)

```yml
version: '3'

services:
  app:
    image: chatgptweb/chatgpt-web # always use latest, pull the tag image again when updating
    container_name: chatgptweb
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - 3002:3002
    depends_on:
      - database
    environment:
      TZ: Asia/Shanghai
      # Title for site
      SITE_TITLE: ChatGpt Web
      # access salt，optional Allow login if not empty.
      AUTH_SECRET_KEY: xxx
      # mongodb's connection string
      MONGODB_URL: 'mongodb://chatgpt:xxxx@database:27017'
      # After register enabled, Salt for password encryption
      PASSWORD_MD5_SALT: xxx
      # After register enabled, super administrator
      ROOT_USER: me@example.com
      # Allow anyone register, Must be turned on, otherwise administrators cannot register, can be turned off later.
      REGISTER_ENABLED: true
      # More configurations, register an administrator after running and set it in the administrator page.
    links:
      - database

  database:
    image: mongo
    container_name: chatgptweb-database
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - '27017:27017'
    expose:
      - '27017'
    volumes:
      - mongodb:/data/db
    environment:
      MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME: chatgpt
      MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD: xxxx
      MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE: chatgpt

volumes:
  mongodb: {}
```
The `OPENAI_API_BASE_URL` is optional and only used when setting the `OPENAI_API_KEY`.

### Deployment with Railway

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template/yytmgc)

> Refer to this issue  https://github.com/Kerwin1202/chatgpt-web/issues/266

> Note: Changing environment variables in Railway will cause re-deployment.

### Manual packaging

#### Backend service

> If you don't need the `node` interface of this project, you can skip the following steps.

Copy the `service` folder to a server that has a `node` service environment.

```shell
# Install
pnpm install

# Build
pnpm build

# Run
pnpm prod
```

PS: You can also run `pnpm start` directly on the server without packaging.

#### Frontend webpage

1. Refer to the root directory `.env.example` file content to create `.env` file, modify `VITE_GLOB_API_URL` in `.env` at the root directory to your actual backend interface address.
2. Run the following command in the root directory and then copy the files in the `dist` folder to the root directory of your website service.

[Reference information](https://cn.vitejs.dev/guide/static-deploy.html#building-the-app)

```shell
pnpm build
```

## Frequently Asked Questions

Q: Why does Git always report an error when committing?

A: Because there is submission information verification, please follow the [Commit Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.en.md).

Q: Where to change the request interface if only the frontend page is used?

A: The `VITE_GLOB_API_URL` field in the `.env` file at the root directory.

Q: All red when saving the file?

A: For `vscode`, please install the recommended plug-in of the project or manually install the `Eslint` plug-in.

Q: Why doesn't the frontend have a typewriter effect?

A: One possible reason is that after Nginx reverse proxying, buffering is turned on, and Nginx will try to buffer a certain amount of data from the backend before sending it to the browser. Please try adding `proxy_buffering off;` after the reverse proxy parameter and then reloading Nginx. Other web server configurations are similar.

Q: The content returned is incomplete?

A: There is a length limit for the content returned by the API each time. You can modify the `VITE_GLOB_OPEN_LONG_REPLY` field in the `.env` file under the root directory, set it to `true`, and rebuild the front-end to enable the long reply feature, which can return the full content. It should be noted that using this feature may bring more API usage fees.

## Auth Proxy Mode

> [!WARNING]  
> This feature is only provided for Operations Engineer with relevant experience to deploy during the integration of the enterprise's internal account management system. Improper configuration may lead to security risks.

Set env `AUTH_PROXY_ENABLED=true` can enable auth proxy mode.

After activating this feature, it is necessary to ensure that chatgpt-web can only be accessed through a reverse proxy.

Authentication is carried out by the reverse proxy, which then forwards the request with the `X-Email` header to identify the user identity.

Recommended for current IdP to use LDAP protocol, using [authelia](https://www.authelia.com)

Recommended for current IdP to use OIDC protocol, using [oauth2-proxy](https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy)


## Contributing

Please read the [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.en.md) before contributing.

Thanks to all the contributors!

<a href="https://github.com/chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web/graphs/contributors">
  <img alt="Contributors Image" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web" width="550" />
</a>

## Star History

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date&theme=dark" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date" />
  <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date" width="550" />
</picture>

## Sponsorship

If you find this project helpful, please give me a star.

---

Thanks to [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) for sponsoring providing open-source credits used to run our infrastructure servers.

<p>
  <a href="https://www.digitalocean.com/">
    <img alt="digitalocean" src="https://opensource.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/attribution/assets/SVG/DO_Logo_horizontal_blue.svg" width="201px">
  </a>
</p>

## License
[MIT © github.com/chatgpt-web-dev Contributors](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: support custom auth proxy header name
Signed-off-by: BobDu <i@bobdu.cc>

README.en.md, after:

# ChatGPT Web

[中文](./README.md) | [English](./README.en.md)


## Introduction

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **This project is forked from [Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web)**
> 
> As the original project author does not agree to introduce a dependency on the database, this Hard Fork was created for independent development [discussion for details](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web/pull/589#issuecomment-1469207694)
> 
> Thank you again, the great [Chanzhaoyu](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu), for your contributions to the open-source project 🙏

Some unique features have been added:

[✓] Register & Login & Reset Password & 2FA

[✓] Sync chat history 

[✓] Front-end page setting apikey

[✓] Custom Sensitive Words

[✓] Set unique prompts for each chat room

[✓] Users manager

[✓] Random Key

[✓] Conversation round limit & setting different limits by user & giftcards

[✓] Implement SSO login through the auth proxy feature (need to integrate a third-party authentication reverse proxy, it can support login protocols such as LDAP/OIDC/SAML)

> [!CAUTION]
> This project is only published on GitHub, based on the MIT license, free and for open source learning usage. And there will be no any form of account selling, paid service, discussion group, discussion group and other behaviors. Beware of being deceived.

## Screenshots
> Disclaimer: This project is only released on GitHub, under the MIT License, free and for open-source learning purposes. There will be no account selling, paid services, discussion groups, or forums. Beware of fraud.

![cover3](./docs/login.jpg)
![cover](./docs/c1.png)
![cover2](./docs/c2.png)
![cover3](./docs/basesettings.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/prompt_en.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/user-manager.jpg)
![cover3](./docs/key-manager-en.jpg)
![userlimit](./docs/add_redeem_and_limit.png)
![setmanuallimit](./docs/manual_set_limit.png)
![giftcarddb](./docs/giftcard_db_design.png)

- [ChatGPT Web](#chatgpt-web)
	- [Introduction](#introduction)
	- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
	- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
		- [Node](#node)
		- [PNPM](#pnpm)
		- [Fill in the Keys](#fill-in-the-keys)
	- [Install Dependencies](#install-dependencies)
		- [Backend](#backend)
		- [Frontend](#frontend)
	- [Run in Test Environment](#run-in-test-environment)
		- [Backend Service](#backend-service)
		- [Frontend Webpage](#frontend-webpage)
	- [Packaging](#packaging)
		- [Using Docker](#using-docker)
			- [Docker Parameter Example](#docker-parameter-example)
			- [Docker Build \& Run](#docker-build--run)
			- [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
		- [Deployment with Railway](#deployment-with-railway)
			- [Railway Environment Variables](#railway-environment-variables)
		- [Manual packaging](#manual-packaging)
			- [Backend service](#backend-service-1)
			- [Frontend webpage](#frontend-webpage-1)
	- [Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [Sponsorship](#sponsorship)
	- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Supports dual models, provides two unofficial `ChatGPT API` methods:

| Method                                        | Free?  | Reliability | Quality |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| `ChatGPTAPI(gpt-3.5-turbo-0301)`                           | No     | Reliable    | Relatively clumsy |
| `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI(Web accessToken)` | Yes    | Relatively unreliable | Smart |

Comparison:
1. `ChatGPTAPI` uses `gpt-3.5-turbo-0301` to simulate `ChatGPT` through the official `OpenAI` completion `API` (the most reliable method, but it is not free and does not use models specifically tuned for chat).
2. `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI` accesses `ChatGPT`'s backend `API` via an unofficial proxy server to bypass `Cloudflare` (uses the real `ChatGPT`, is very lightweight, but depends on third-party servers and has rate limits).

[Details](https://github.com/Chanzhaoyu/chatgpt-web/issues/138)

Switching Methods:
1. Go to the `service/.env.example` file and copy the contents to the `service/.env` file.
2. For `OpenAI API Key`, fill in the `OPENAI_API_KEY` field [(Get apiKey)](https://platform.openai.com/overview).
3. For `Web API`, fill in the `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` field [(Get accessToken)](https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session).
4. When both are present, `OpenAI API Key` takes precedence.

Reverse Proxy:

Available when using `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI`.[Details](https://github.com/transitive-bullshit/chatgpt-api#reverse-proxy)

```shell
# service/.env
API_REVERSE_PROXY=
```

Environment Variables:

For all parameter variables, check [here](#docker-parameter-example) or see:

```
/service/.env
```

## Roadmap
[✓] Dual models

[✓] Multiple session storage and context logic

[✓] Formatting and beautifying code-like message types

[✓] Login or Register

[✓] Set API key and other information on the front-end page.

[✓] Data import and export

[✓] Save message to local image

[✓] Multilingual interface

[✓] Interface themes

[✗] More...

## Prerequisites

### Node

`node` requires version `^16 || ^18` (`node >= 14` requires installation of [fetch polyfill](https://github.com/developit/unfetch#usage-as-a-polyfill)), and multiple local `node` versions can be managed using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

```shell
node -v
```

### PNPM
If you have not installed `pnpm` before:
```shell
npm install pnpm -g
```

### Fill in the Keys

Get `Openai Api Key` or `accessToken` and fill in the local environment variables [jump](#introduction)

```
# service/.env file

# OpenAI API Key - https://platform.openai.com/overview
OPENAI_API_KEY=

# change this to an `accessToken` extracted from the ChatGPT site's `https://chat.openai.com/api/auth/session` response
OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN=
```

## Install Dependencies

> To make it easier for `backend developers` to understand, we did not use the front-end `workspace` mode, but stored it in different folders. If you only need to do secondary development of the front-end page, delete the `service` folder.

### Backend

Enter the `/service` folder and run the following command

```shell
pnpm install
```

### Frontend
Run the following command in the root directory
```shell
pnpm bootstrap
```

## Run in Test Environment
### Backend Service

Enter the `/service` folder and run the following command

```shell
pnpm start
```

### Frontend Webpage
Run the following command in the root directory
```shell
pnpm dev
```

## Packaging

### Using Docker

#### Docker Parameter Example

- `OPENAI_API_KEY` one of two
- `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` one of two, `OPENAI_API_KEY` takes precedence when both are present
- `OPENAI_API_BASE_URL` optional, available when `OPENAI_API_KEY` is set
- `OPENAI_API_MODEL`  `ChatGPTAPI` OR `ChatGPTUnofficialProxyAPI`
- `API_REVERSE_PROXY` optional, available when `OPENAI_ACCESS_TOKEN` is set [Reference](#introduction)
- `AUTH_SECRET_KEY` Access Password，optional
- `TIMEOUT_MS` timeout, in milliseconds, optional
- `SOCKS_PROXY_HOST` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `SOCKS_PROXY_PORT` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST
- `SOCKS_PROXY_USERNAME` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST and SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `SOCKS_PROXY_PASSWORD` optional, effective with SOCKS_PROXY_HOST and SOCKS_PROXY_PORT
- `HTTPS_PROXY` optional, support http，https, socks5

![docker](./docs/docker.png)

#### Docker Build & Run

```bash
GIT_COMMIT_HASH=`git rev-parse HEAD`
RELEASE_VERSION=`git branch --show-current`
docker build --build-arg GIT_COMMIT_HASH=${GIT_COMMIT_HASH} --build-arg RELEASE_VERSION=${RELEASE_VERSION} -t chatgpt-web .

# foreground operation
# If run mongodb in host machine, please use MONGODB_URL=mongodb://host.docker.internal:27017/chatgpt
docker run --name chatgpt-web --rm -it -p 127.0.0.1:3002:3002 --env OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key --env MONGODB_URL=your_mongodb_url chatgpt-web

# background operation
docker run --name chatgpt-web -d -p 127.0.0.1:3002:3002 --env OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key --env MONGODB_URL=your_mongodb_url chatgpt-web

# running address
http://localhost:3002/
```

#### Docker Compose

[Hub Address](https://hub.docker.com/r/chatgptweb/chatgpt-web)

```yml
version: '3'

services:
  app:
    image: chatgptweb/chatgpt-web # always use latest, pull the tag image again when updating
    container_name: chatgptweb
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - 3002:3002
    depends_on:
      - database
    environment:
      TZ: Asia/Shanghai
      # Title for site
      SITE_TITLE: ChatGpt Web
      # access salt，optional Allow login if not empty.
      AUTH_SECRET_KEY: xxx
      # mongodb's connection string
      MONGODB_URL: 'mongodb://chatgpt:xxxx@database:27017'
      # After register enabled, Salt for password encryption
      PASSWORD_MD5_SALT: xxx
      # After register enabled, super administrator
      ROOT_USER: me@example.com
      # Allow anyone register, Must be turned on, otherwise administrators cannot register, can be turned off later.
      REGISTER_ENABLED: true
      # More configurations, register an administrator after running and set it in the administrator page.
    links:
      - database

  database:
    image: mongo
    container_name: chatgptweb-database
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - '27017:27017'
    expose:
      - '27017'
    volumes:
      - mongodb:/data/db
    environment:
      MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME: chatgpt
      MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD: xxxx
      MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE: chatgpt

volumes:
  mongodb: {}
```
The `OPENAI_API_BASE_URL` is optional and only used when setting the `OPENAI_API_KEY`.

### Deployment with Railway

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template/yytmgc)

> Refer to this issue  https://github.com/Kerwin1202/chatgpt-web/issues/266

> Note: Changing environment variables in Railway will cause re-deployment.

### Manual packaging

#### Backend service

> If you don't need the `node` interface of this project, you can skip the following steps.

Copy the `service` folder to a server that has a `node` service environment.

```shell
# Install
pnpm install

# Build
pnpm build

# Run
pnpm prod
```

PS: You can also run `pnpm start` directly on the server without packaging.

#### Frontend webpage

1. Refer to the root directory `.env.example` file content to create `.env` file, modify `VITE_GLOB_API_URL` in `.env` at the root directory to your actual backend interface address.
2. Run the following command in the root directory and then copy the files in the `dist` folder to the root directory of your website service.

[Reference information](https://cn.vitejs.dev/guide/static-deploy.html#building-the-app)

```shell
pnpm build
```

## Frequently Asked Questions

Q: Why does Git always report an error when committing?

A: Because there is submission information verification, please follow the [Commit Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.en.md).

Q: Where to change the request interface if only the frontend page is used?

A: The `VITE_GLOB_API_URL` field in the `.env` file at the root directory.

Q: All red when saving the file?

A: For `vscode`, please install the recommended plug-in of the project or manually install the `Eslint` plug-in.

Q: Why doesn't the frontend have a typewriter effect?

A: One possible reason is that after Nginx reverse proxying, buffering is turned on, and Nginx will try to buffer a certain amount of data from the backend before sending it to the browser. Please try adding `proxy_buffering off;` after the reverse proxy parameter and then reloading Nginx. Other web server configurations are similar.

Q: The content returned is incomplete?

A: There is a length limit for the content returned by the API each time. You can modify the `VITE_GLOB_OPEN_LONG_REPLY` field in the `.env` file under the root directory, set it to `true`, and rebuild the front-end to enable the long reply feature, which can return the full content. It should be noted that using this feature may bring more API usage fees.

## Auth Proxy Mode

> [!WARNING]  
> This feature is only provided for Operations Engineer with relevant experience to deploy during the integration of the enterprise's internal account management system. Improper configuration may lead to security risks.

Set env `AUTH_PROXY_ENABLED=true` can enable auth proxy mode.

After activating this feature, it is necessary to ensure that chatgpt-web can only be accessed through a reverse proxy.

Authentication is carried out by the reverse proxy, which then forwards the request with the header to identify the user identity.
Default header name is `X-Email`, can custom config use set env `AUTH_PROXY_HEADER_NAME`.

Recommended for current IdP to use LDAP protocol, using [authelia](https://www.authelia.com)

Recommended for current IdP to use OIDC protocol, using [oauth2-proxy](https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy)


## Contributing

Please read the [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.en.md) before contributing.

Thanks to all the contributors!

<a href="https://github.com/chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web/graphs/contributors">
  <img alt="Contributors Image" src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web" width="550" />
</a>

## Star History

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date&theme=dark" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date" />
  <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=chatgpt-web-dev/chatgpt-web&type=Date" width="550" />
</picture>

## Sponsorship

If you find this project helpful, please give me a star.

---

Thanks to [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) for sponsoring providing open-source credits used to run our infrastructure servers.

<p>
  <a href="https://www.digitalocean.com/">
    <img alt="digitalocean" src="https://opensource.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/attribution/assets/SVG/DO_Logo_horizontal_blue.svg" width="201px">
  </a>
</p>

## License
[MIT © github.com/chatgpt-web-dev Contributors](./LICENSE)
